feat: [CDS-87105]: best practices for approval message (#4966)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/approvals/adding-harness-approval-stages.md

  For such cases, wherein an approval step is meant for approval of a future CD stage, and the CD stage configuration contains expressions, then we recommend having appropriate expressions as a part of **Approval Message** field. Approval notification will include the approval message with expressions resolved till the approval step.

>   Refer this [knowledge based article](/kb/continuous-delivery/articles/harness-approval-notifications) to see the best practices for approval message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Go to this [knowledge base article](/kb/continuous-delivery/articles/harness-approval-notifications) for approval messages best practices.
```
